from Hansel minutes.com. It's
Hanselman it's Oh, weekly discussion
with web developer and technologists
and Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number two
79. Recorded live Thursday, August
11, 2011. Support for Hanselman
is provided by Telerik rad
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Rafael Rivera. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman and this
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. And today I am
talking to Rafael Rivera. How's
it going, sir? Hey, how's
it going? And I'm not
too bad. So your blog
is within windows.com and it's
like an, it's like an
internals hacker, you know, user
you're like a user, you're
a developer. I mean, it's,
it's, it's a delight. It's
almost as if Chris Parillo
knew how to really program
and debug. Yeah. It's a,
it's a brain dump. It's
a brain dump of really
interesting things. And I think
what's happening is you blog
about the stuff that we
all wish we had time
to do, you know, like
you have a post right
here. That's just like classic.
What I would call classic
within windows where an application
didn't do what you wanted
it to do. It didn't
behave the way you expected
it to behave. So you
said rather than complaining about
it or going up on
a forum and you know,
just lighting into the developers,
you fixed it. So what's
the story with splinter cell
and the splinter cell series
and your obsession with it.
Right? So long ago, steam,
that platform, that great digital
delivery of games, they had
a sale. I purchased the
latest splinter cell conviction. I
believe it's called. And I'm
like, wait, I can't play
this. I need to go
play all the older ones.
They've released like five or
six older games. And to
catch up on the story,
I decided, okay, let me
start with one. So I
played one too. I mean,
these are games that came
out what, 10 years ago
and they're classics. Yeah, definitely.
And I loaded these up.
First one went surprisingly. Well,
it kind of hiccup on
the fact that I had
a wide screen monitor, but
it ran pretty well. You
know, two, three, I'm getting
through these things over the
weekend. And then this, this
recent one lender sell double
agent. I loaded up. It's
clearly made by a different
team of developers. So it's
a, it's a completely different
app, a different app. In
this case, fire it up.
The screen starts spasming out.
I thought it was a
widescreen issue, but then like
the posts outlines those much
deeper, but the screen, so
spasming out, you start running
into these games. You don't
have shadows, which I think
some of our splinter cell
people out there will know.
That's crucial to playing splinter
cell. You need to know
if you're in a shadow
or not. If someone can
see you, you know, is
it a shadow driven? I
mean, it's, it's, it's the
whole point of the game
is stealth. And you've got
this really evocative split-screen before
and after where there's a
guy walking on grace. No.
And then when you turn
the shadows and the lighting
on suddenly it's, it's clear
that he's out in the
open with a light shining
on him. Somebody completely configured
this wrong, but I don't
understand how this is happening.
And in 2010, 2011. Yeah.
So, so this was an
unreal based game and I
did some searching on the
internet, see if someone fixed
this and that's, I think
that's where we all begin.
Right? We go to Google
or go to being, and
run a search. Everyone complaining
about the same issue. They
have these tweaks, they kind
of work. They kind of
don't and I'm sitting here
like, okay, I have this
game, I've purchased it and
I can't play it. And
that's extremely frustrating. I could,
I guess, fire up XP,
put on a laptop and
play it there, but you
know, no one, no one
wants to use XP anymore.
So I took it apart.
I was like, okay, let
me, let me see what's
going on here. I figured
out the, the widescreen issues,
that was pretty easy. I
just replaced all their M
game videos with blank ones.
It's interesting though, because one
time I was talking to
someone about some tech support
issues that they had. And
I got kind of went
off on a rant about
how the computer is not
a black box. And you
know, we always have these
jokes about how there's two
kinds of people in computers.
And you can just pick
any two different kinds of
people. But ultimately there are
the people who feel empowered
by the existence of the
computer. And there are those
who feel oppressed by it.
What I like about you
and your style is here's
a problem. Your solution is
let's crack this thing open.
Like there are so many
people who won't even go
into the splinter cell folder
and open up the splinter
cell dot INI file and
just start flipping bits around,
right? What is it, what
does this do? What does
that do? They just give
up and they complain. And
this same thing is, this
is the case with programmers.
I mean, dot net's not
hiding anything from you. There's
no directory on your machine
that you can't see. So
why do people feel like
the computer is against them?
In this instance, here's a
game that didn't work. Now.
I'm not making an excuse
for the game networking. It
sucks that it didn't work,
but you just went in
and started flipping bits around
until you got the solution,
which makes you wonder why
they didn't ship it that
way. Yeah. I'm not sure
I was doing some around.
And it turns out this
game was, it was rushed,
rushed out the door and
the graphics configuration subsystem in
the game, you know, basically
you go to options, graphics,
and you see a list
of resolutions and a bunch
of options that menu doesn't
really work, which is embarrassing
really, even on, even on
the platform, it was designed
for XP. These options didn't
work, you'll see threads out
there. People complaining anti-aliasing for
examples broken. And, and it's
funny because the, the, the
file backing that that interface
is this INI you're talking
about. It's just, it's just
a plain text file. You
go flip some bits and
everything starts working. And did
you get it running basically
the, what you expected, did
you feel by hacking this
game together? You got your
money's worth, then Finally. Yeah.
I'm still playing it. Now
this game I must admit
is probably the worst in
this series, but I'm still
excited that I can actually
play and enjoy the story.
So, so this is an
easy example where, you know,
this is kind of an
example. Like I, I find
myself doing this where I
download an application and I
run it and it says,
Oh, it's not 64 bits.
So I have to right
click on it and say,
running compatibility mode, or maybe
an advanced kind of handsome,
an example would be, I
run core flags dot exe
core core flags is one
of those things where if
you know it exists, you're
your head and tails above
90% of the planet. So
if you want to listeners,
if you want to impress
friends and neighbors learn how
to use core flags to
forcibly change the bitterness on,
in any CPU, compiled.net application,
and force it to run
in an x86 mode and
then fix things left and
right. And then also wonder
why it wasn't shipped that
way. That's definitely a trick
that you can do. But
you had a situation where
someone gave you this, hello,
kitty, figuring this is like
a piece of hardware and
that's where my abilities end.
Right. I can twiddle bits
and right click and go
to compatibility. But you had
a piece of hardware that
didn't do what you wanted
it to do. What was
the story there? So, so
before we get into that,
I wanted to touch on
the core flag stuff, please.
And you know, Scott's absolutely
right here, you learn core
flags. You'll probably be able
to fix like half the
issues, application, compatibility issues you
have right off the bat.
I already have, I think
I have two or three
issues on the blog. If
you do a search where
developers develop their application, using
the, any flags dropdown in
visual studio, Any CPU saying
application, right. They're saying the.net
application runs on x86 or
X 64. Right. But then
they tie into some native
code that's x86 only. Right?
So then when you run
this on an X platform,
it blows up and you
see this across the board
too. It's it's from little
developers all the way up
to Yahoo and ATI. I
mean, Yahoo messenger came out
one day and I had
to fix that using that
simple tweak. So, so yeah,
we definitely wanted to highlight
that. Yeah, absolutely. I think
that there's two ways to
think two ways to remember
one, always test an X
64, but even better from
my perspective. And this might
be a little bit out
there, but I think if
you're not going to use
all that memory space, then
just compile your stuff x86.
There's just no reason to.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think,
I think even Microsoft admitted
this with the whole office,
2010 discussion back then we
said, look, if you're not
going to be using Excel
with billions of records or
pages, right. You don't really
need office 64 bit. Exactly.
So hello, kitty. So, yeah.
Hello kitty. So, so Jenny,
my girlfriend, the, her, her
sister had purchased this, this
toy from me like a
yard sale, or she picked
it up somewhere third hand.
And you know, it's the
classic case of you plug
in a device into your
PC. And either you don't
have drivers for it, for
the drivers that are out
there, do you not work
on the platform you're on,
this is a very angering
scenario. And, and most times
you can't fix it because
the drivers are low level
enough to you. You just
can't hack it like a
32 bit kernel driver. You
can't be hacked to work
an X 64. There's just
nothing you can do there.
But in this case, and
I was, I was taking
it apart and this is
all outlined on the blog
post listeners, but I was
taking it apart. And I
realized, well, there are no
real drivers here. It's just
user mode software. So once
I, once I take apart
something and realize it's all
on the user side, it's
exciting. Cause it's like, Oh,
okay, this can actually be
fixed. This is, this is
not a Well let's, let's
pause for a second because
I think that, that, and
I've, I've actually teased you
about this in person that
I think you forget that
not everyone is smart as
you are. So let's, let's
back up for a second
and make sure the listeners
are following. Why do I,
if I get a hello
kitty device, it would make
sense that I would assume
there's a device driver involved
somewhere and I might plug
it in. And I might
say, Oh, this is too
old. This came out before
windows seven. It'll never work.
Now. You just said that
when I discover it runs
in user mode, that that's
a wonderful thing in a
time to rejoice. What does
that really mean? What does
it mean that this is
just a user mode piece
of software that runs the
hello kitty figure. Right? So,
so yeah, I've misspoke there
a little bit. This, this
device, when you plug it
into the PC windows, windows
has a set of basic
drivers for pretty much every
device out there. For example,
you plug in a printer,
it will at minimum install
a basic printer driver. If
you, you know, same thing
with keyboards, mice, monitors, et
cetera, this is why back
then you plug in a
monitor and it switches to
VGA mode and awful graphics.
But Hey, it worked at
least in this case, the
hello kitty toy was masquerading
as a human interface device.
Just generic, just a generic
kid, a device like a
keyboard or a mouse. Yup.
Yup. So you plugged it
in. It says, Hey, windows
has found a user, you
know, a human interactive device
and installing the basic drivers
for it. And then poof
pop-up goes away and nothing
happens. It just it's just
installed. So in this case,
the software bundle that it
came with was simply a
piece of client software that
communicated with the bare bones
windows driver. Right? That's what
you mean by user mode
in the sense that it
didn't come with a piece
of software that loaded itself
into kernel space. It's just
an app like any other
app. And it's calling into
user 32 doing its thing.
Yep. It's calling into the
human interface device API, well
documented on MSDN and it
does its little thing there.
I can open up any
file and I can make
splinter cell work and I
can right. Click on something.
But what do you do
when you get down into,
well, there's a DLL. How
do I even know what
the DLL is doing? How
do I look at the
functions? It's kind of, Oh,
see, that's, that's the fun
part. So, so in these
scenarios, you first you'd want
to see this thing in
action, right? There's no sense
in trying to disassemble something,
if a, you don't know
it works and B you
don't know how it works.
So I took this thing
and put it in a
virtual machine with windows XP.
And have you read the
little, read me, it came
with it. It was actually
targeted for windows 95 and
up, which is, which is
scary. It's just awesome. But
so I said, okay, let
me start with XP. And
maybe I'll work my way
backwards. Hope to God. I
don't have to go any
further by fired up XP,
plugged it in it, it
worked, it spun around, made
noise, it trapped all my
keys by trap keys. I
mean, you push keys on
the keyboard and actually lights
up kind of like a
key logger without the malicious
intent. And so I was
like, okay, so this thing
definitely does work and it
works on XP. So now
I can focus on what
changed between windows XP and
windows seven, or even windows
Vista as a stepping stone.
So this is where we
get a little more complex.
I, I take the various
components and just throw them
into what's called a, and
that basically takes the machine
language or the, you know,
the bytes in the file
and converts them into a
more readable assembly language. And
the tools that you use
out there. The one I
use in particular is called
Ida pro, which is an
expensive item. Really? It's not
something you can get a
community free version of. No,
they, well, they do have
a freeware version that this
assembles x86 only binaries. And
it it's really, really, really
bare bones. But if you
wanted to get your feet
wet, definitely get the Ida
pro freeware version. But wouldn't
you say that this is
where the managed business developer,
the, the, the grid dragging
tree dragging, you know, developer,
who's doing text boxes over
data where that person basically
parts ways with the, with
the unmanaged code developer, like
you said, I threw it
into a disassembler. Right, right.
And of course, immediately my
brain exploded and began to
leak out of my ears
while you were just like,
yeah. You know, I just
started to smile. My favorite
disassembler one of many disassembles
I have in my arsenal.
Where does it manage? How
does it manage to develop
or start even thinking about
that? I mean, I think
most manage developers get, as
far as, you know, calling
into export at DLL functions,
maybe using P invoke. And
that's about as far as
it goes, maybe we maybe
we've, we've all forgotten our
assembly language from, from college.
It sounds like you have
not. Yeah. So, you know,
as, as the developers started
to evolve or not developers,
the languages started to evolve.
I I've actually been working
my way backwards. You know,
C sharp came out. I
kind of learned that. And
then I started learning C
plus plus C you know,
assembly. And, but I think
a good way to look
at this is that in
managed code, you would normally
fire up reflector, right? You
take your binary, throw it
in reflector and it converts
it into a readable source
code that you can almost
kind of compile. This is,
it's the same thing here.
Ida pro has come so
far that it will produce
almost compilable C plus plus
code. Yeah. So of course
that's not a, it's not
a cheap product, but it
produces something that's completely readable
and you don't really have
to know assembly language at
that point. Hi, this is
Scott coming to you from
another place in time. Are
you using agile practices to
manage your software development? There's
lots of tools in the
market that manage the steps
of a project, but most
of them focus on individual
roles, get ready for a
solution that caters for the
success of the whole team.
Guys at Tellerik introduced team
pulse. It's an agile project
management tool. That'll help you
gather ideas, estimate plan, track
progress in a common workspace.
Finally, companies, regardless of their
size can use a lightweight
and convenient tool that makes
all the stakeholders work as
a United team. Even if
they're in different countries by
combining user interface and the
power of server light team
poles removes the roadblocks that
you typically face and applying
agile in an effective manner,
no more lost data, no
disparate systems, no lack of
critical analytics regarding the health
and philosophy project. See if
yourself get a free copy
for five users in one
project at tellerik.com/team poles. And
please do thank Tellerik for
supporting Hanselman it's on their
Facebook fan page, facebook.com/t L
E R I K. We
do appreciate it. There wouldn't
be a Hansel minutes. If
there wasn't, Tellerik helping us.
So when you poke around
on this hello, kitty application,
you have the exe and
then you start figuring out,
well, it looks like there's
actually this exe. And then
there's this DLL. You take
a look at the DLL
and you find out that
it has what's called export
functions. You find out that
it's using its presenting functions
out to the world, and
then you poke around inside
that and figure out what
those functions use. So it's
basically like layers. You're looking
at the call stack, the
executable calls this DLL, like
read buffer and write buffer.
And then that read buffer,
for example, then goes off
and starts poking around. And
what you had mentioned before
the human interface device well-documented
stuff, are you saying that
Ida pro shows you that,
Oh, it's calling the foo
function. I know about that
function on windows. Yeah, absolutely.
So you point Ida to
the DLL, you go ahead
and just simply double click
the exported function in this
case device INI, which stands
for device initialization. You just
double click that and it
will show you an assembly
listing, but you know, intermingled
with that, this assembly are
actual human readable comments and
say, Hey, this is a
call to windows function, a
windows function B here are
the parameters. And are those
written by real developers or
is this written generated by
the Completely generated? Wow, it's
really smart stuff. So it
kind of makes the reverse
engineering process a lot easier.
Yeah. It sounds like a
very mature product. I mean,
like back in the day,
we didn't have any of
these things we just to,
Yeah. Back in the day
you just run a disassembler
and it spits out raw
ism and good luck, Honestly,
looking at that raw ASM.
I think that when you
see that, that scene in
the matrix where they're looking
at the matrix code that's
falling and the guy's like,
yeah, I've been looking at
this so long. I just
see blonde, brunette, redhead. That's
literally what it feels like
when you know your assembler
and, you know, 20 years
ago, I was that guy
I have since overwritten all
of those bites with, you
know, Microsoft light switch or
different things like that. Okay.
So this thing goes and
calls create files. So you
trace it all the way
down to something obvious, a
nice basic API call it,
create file that's then failing.
Yep. So the, basically the
device was opening up a
communication channel with the device
to kind of tell it,
Hey, look, light up and
spin please. And I using
a debugger, I set a
break point on that so
I can run through the
execution and it will stop
there. And I can see
exactly what parameters it's calling
with. Jot them down on
my piece of paper. And
I stepped over it and
it's like, Hey, access denied.
It's like, well, wait a
minute. What? So if you
can repeat this process in
the production environment, the windows
XP VM I talked about
and see it succeed. So
that's our first, that's our
first error that we need
to figure out. And you
kind of repeat this process
until the thing works. I
need to specialize on this
stuff where in my experience
kind of reading your blog
over the last year or
so you seem to specialize
in the, something has changed
someone like, like if, if
I may be so bold,
like when you don't like
something, it's because someone moved
your cheese, you know what
I mean? You really don't
like that. And this is
like an example where a
DLL function that worked two
versions ago doesn't anymore. I
have no insight into the
change, but I can demonstrably
show. This is not working
like it used to. Right.
And, and to highlight actually
I just forgot what she
said earlier, but I was
going to highlight a particular
phrase you said, and I
forgot it already. But the
part that bugs me the
most though, is that it
it's hard to find. Well,
that's annoying too, but finding
documentation on what changed is,
is impossible. In this case,
I can not find any
documentation that showed, Hey, breaking
changes from XP to seven
or Vista create file on
hid devices may fail, blah,
blah, blah. There's nowhere. You
will find that probably internally
in Microsoft, you have some
cool change log that says
that, but that's not available
to us. You really don't
like that. I mean, I
think that other people, the
other thing that people will
learn by reading your blog
is that you really don't
like secrets Right. At all.
Yeah. And I, and another
thing that annoys me is
arbitrary limitations. And Microsoft's really
good at implementing arbitrary limitations.
Now I say that, but
then when you actually dig
deeper, it's usually because of
some legal reason or support
reason, and there's, there are
reasons behind it. And I'm
not saying Microsoft is trying
to be malicious, but I
still hate the notion of
having an arbitrary limitation. For
example, you'll run an app
and it says, Hey, I
don't work on XP, get
windows server. And I think,
I think that's how Mark
Russinovich started down his, a
little hacking route with his
registry changed. Yeah. He made
that little bit flip and
turned into workstations to server.
Same thing. He basically started
by saying this this black
box should not be black.
It should be transparent. So
it's not. And therefore I
am going to blow the
doors off of this box,
but you do that not
only in software, but you
do that in, you do
that with drivers, you do
that with websites, you'll, you
you'll have cookies to see
things like any time that
there's a preview or a
beta or a gate in
your way, you will find
a way. But what's nice
is that you don't, you
not only bust open the
gate for yourself, but also
for other people, have you
ever gotten in trouble or
really upset someone at Microsoft
for opening something that shouldn't
have been opened? Yeah, several
times mainly because I, I
did it, I did it
in a public manner. And
then I didn't really sit
down and analyze the impact
of it. One of the,
one of the most recent
items was this Bing thing,
you know, being rolled out
a, a preview to various
people. I don't know the
exact scope of that. However,
I, I shared one of
these cookies. I'm like, Hey,
look, if you share this
cookie with everybody, you get
the new homepage, everyone loved
it. But then we found
out later on that everyone
that used the cookie is
also sharing their search history,
this huge privacy issue. So
then I started seeing searches
for various adult topics in
my browser phone numbers, emails,
you'd be amazed at what
people type into their search
engines, Even things about yourself
and what fans that were
of you Absolutely is it
started getting really personal. I
was like, Oh God, People
who are searching for, for
you. So this was basically
a, you enabled hijacking of
a session by virtue of
the fact that you gave
away what was effectively a
session key. Right? It was
exactly a session key. So
I emailed the beam team
immediately and look, guys, I
screwed up here. I shared
this key and you somehow
block this on your end.
So this doesn't spin on
a control. And they're like,
Oh God, what did you
do? But Now do they
know you? I mean, is
this like a thing? Like,
I mean, if you show
up and you're like, yeah,
good news and bad news,
the good news is where
there's no good news. Just
bad news that they like,
Oh Ralph, what have you
done again? I mean, you
you're building a relationship with
people. Do you feel that
you're building like, are they
really mad when this happens?
Or are they like, Oh,
you know, thanks. Thanks. Thanks
for caring about the product.
Like one perspective would be,
he cares. So that's awesome.
Right. And another one would
be like, man, what's your,
what's your deal? Stop doing
that. Yeah. Yeah. Usually the
first several emails or phone
calls found somewhat negative, but
then when you actually, you
know, dig deeper and talk
to these guys and maybe
some other folks on the
team, they're like, look guys,
I'm a big fan. I
love when you hack this
stuff, you know, it's really
creative. So it's like, okay,
I feel a little better
there. Yeah. That's what happened
with the windows phone stuff.
For example, what happened with
that? What's the story there?
So with the man, we,
we opened up like three
topics here and we haven't
been That's okay, we'll get
there. We'll get there. So
I'm a part of, what's
called the Chevron WP seven
group, a group of lung
Zang, Chris Walsh, and myself.
And we basically opened up
the phone to Homebrew development,
which is basically, you know,
you write your own code
and you deploy it to
the phone. It doesn't go
through the marketplace or its
approval process in the process
of doing that. We, so
we worked around the developer
unlock requirement. Basically Microsoft has
imposed a $99 fee an
unlocking your phone for development
purposes. Now, of course, that
fee covers other things like
deploying applications. We have the
marketplace and support and, and
some other stuff, but we
worked around that requirement and
let people deploy code on
the phone. So you basically
enabled Homebrew brew. Yup. Homebrew,
custom, whatever you want to
call it. I don't want
to say the word jailbreak
because we didn't gain additional
privileges. We simply averted the
$99 requirement. I mean, Microsoft,
Microsoft puts out a tool
that does this very thing.
If you pay 99 bucks,
we just did it for
free. So it's not a,
it's not a jail break
in the traditional sense. The
way we got around that.
And Brandon Watson messaged us and
called us. And that, that
started a whole relationship with
the windows phone guys that
we're, we're still working on
today. And do you, do
you guys see eye to
eye or is this an
issue where you're always going
to be poking the edges
of what they think is
okay and you, you know,
like, is it a love,
hate relation? It was initially,
but they've, they've come around
and they see the value
in Homebrew development to the
point where they're now letting
us deploy an official unlocking
solution in the next month
or so it won't be
free, but it'll be much
cheaper than 99 bucks. Yep.
There'll be, I think about
nine bucks, you'll be able
to plug in your phone,
unlock it, write whatever code
you want and test it
out. Then at some point,
if you want to deploy
that application on the marketplace
at that time, you can
purchase real account and deploy
it that way. That's interesting.
Do you think that this,
are you forcing them to
do stuff like that and
go, go outside the comfort
zone? Yeah. I mean like,
is this a good thing?
Are you doing everyone in
service because you are getting
people to you're pushing the
envelope and then forcing Microsoft
to accept that the envelope
is now been reset. Yeah,
I would definitely think so.
Yeah. Are you doing, why,
why Microsoft? Why not Apple
or Google or Facebook? It's
just a matter of, is
this just a thing where
you're a fan? So as
a fan, this is how
you show your love. Yeah.
I've, I've been using, you
know, windows since it first
started. Right. My birthdate shares.
I share a birthday with,
with Microsoft windows. So yeah,
I've just been using windows
forever. I know it in
and out and kinda what
I stick to. And how
long have you been doing
this? Like I can say
you are a low level
guy. Have you always been
low level? Yeah. Well, I've
always been working backwards. Everyone's
moving to HTML five C-sharp
link. What's next? How much
lower can you get? Yeah,
I don't, I really want
to learn electronics and hardware.
That's been a, that's a
very hard, I know people
out there that, you know,
for example, the iPhone hacker
guy, I forget his name,
which is embarrassing, but you
know, they, they, they plug
these USB things in there
and they start finding all
these USB exploits and it's
like, wow, I wish I
could know all that. But
yeah, yeah, that might be
too low. I'm not sure
What's next. What do you,
what's a, what's the next
big hack for you? That
will be on your blog.
I got to finish the
hello kitty stuff, because believe
it or not, I didn't
finish that. I, people are
watching, I got it to
spin up and make, or
the lights came on when
I pushed keys on my
keyboard, nothing happens. And it
turns out it's a very,
very complicated issue with our
favorite technologies, UAC and the
lesser known UI PAI, which
is a user interface privilege.
Escalation. I probably screwed that
up, but Okay. Some other
security thing. Yeah. User interface,
privilege isolation. So basically it
prevents lower, lower privilege apps
from communicating with higher privileged
apps on your desktop. This
is the reason why you
can't cut and paste between
an admin elevated process and
a normal one. Yeah. So
yeah, the introduction of all
those technologies really screwed up
the way this hello kitty
app was capturing keystrokes probably
for good. It's a tragedy.
What are we going to
do? So there was actually
a supported way of getting
that all working, which would
be really interesting. I got
to finish up that blog
post. Let's see what else
I'm still, we're still cranking
on the Chevron WP seven
official unlock solution. I'm trying
to finish this remote effects
stuff. I don't know if
you've heard of that. Yeah,
real briefly. We were running
out of time. Okay. So,
so remote effects is that,
is that, that of the
technologies that kind of sits
on top of RDP that
lets you do really cool
things. Service side, for example,
play direct decks, accelerated games,
or use the applications Silverlight
and flash full motion, video,
USB devices, et cetera, et
cetera. This was demoed at
a partner conference, I think
last year or maybe a
while ago where HP was
on a thin client, bare
bones, hardware playing crisis over
RDP. Now some of the
folks out there that have
used RDP and have accidentally
stumbled on a flash page,
know how slow RDP can
be and to see someone
playing crisis over it at
a fully playable speed is
amazing. And you're working on
this or you're just working
to explore the area. It's
primarily a servers technology, but
I've been trying to bring
it into the consumer space
because I find it interesting
that you can buy a
heavy duty servers, stick it
into your closet and have
all these thin clients at
home and never have to
keep upgrading all these machines.
You can just upgrade the
server every now and then
delegate all that, that box.
So I've been, I've been
running a series on that.
It's a little delayed right
now, cause I'm trying to
hack around some limitations. Cool.
So people can check out
your blog at, within windows.com.
Yep. Or if they want
to follow me on Twitter
and hear all my complaints
within Rafael. All right. Very
cool. We'll put all that
information in the show notes.
Okay. Alright. Thanks for hanging
out. Thanks Scott. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes. See you again next
week.